Avoid conflict in custom channel (#1372)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/tshoot-custom-channel.adoc

= Troubleshooting Custom Channel with Conflicting Packages

////
PUT THIS COMMENT AT THE TOP OF TROUBLESHOOTING SECTIONS

Troubleshooting format:

One sentence each:
Cause: What created the problem?
Consequence: What does the user see when this happens?
Fix: What can the user do to fix this problem?
Result: What happens after the user has completed the fix?

If more detailed instructions are required, put them in a "Resolving" procedure:
.Procedure: Resolving Widget Wobbles
. First step
. Another step
. Last step
////

////
Cause: Conflicting packages in custom channel
Consequence: Creating bootstrap repo can fail
Fix: Separate trees from each other
Result: Clean and functional boostrap repo will be created
////

When setting up a custom channel with conflicting packages features such as creating a bootstrap repository can result in undefined behavior and make registering clients fail.

For example, conflicting packages with higher version numbers could be
included into the bootstrap repository.
Such packages (for example, [package]``python3-zmq`` or [package]``zeromq``) may corrupt the creation of the bootstrap repository or cause issues during bootstrap of the client.

> When the custom channel (for example, an EPEL channel) is added below the parent channel, issues with conflicting packages can not be solved directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the custom channel (for example, an EPEL channel) is added below the parent vendor channel, issues with conflicting packages can not be solved directly.
```

> When the custom channel (for example, an EPEL channel) is added below the parent vendor channel, issues with conflicting packages can not be solved directly.

Author: ```suggestion
When the custom channel (for example, an EPEL channel) is added below the parent vendor channel, issues with conflicting packages cannot be solved directly.
```

> The way how to solve this is to separate the custom channel from the parent channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way how to solve this is to separate the custom channel from the vendor channel.
```
